what would you do if the Federal Reserve
did not cut interest rates all the way
into next year would you be okay what
about your mortgage how would your debt
be affected well the economy is
certainly hoping and praying that we are
going into a time of easy monetary
policy there's just one issue Jerome
Powell said it ain't happening in
today's video we're going to break down
what Jerome Powell had to say how this
affects you and I'm going to look at
this in depth we are going to analyze
exactly what's going on each step of the
way let's begin in today's you know
assessment here I'm going to be looking
at a few things that came out of Jackson
Hole this is the biggest meeting of the
year as it relates to Central Bankers he
had a few things I'm going to tell you
right off the bat a lot of it is the
same old same old the message that he
gives at each individual conference my
name is David quintiri and what I do
here at this channel channel is do all
that boring stuff so that you don't have
to I'm not gonna feed you what I think
that you know you would love to hear and
it gets all the clicks I'm giving you
the stuff that you absolutely have to
know so that you are more prepared for
what is coming what we're dealing with
right now there's a big shift and if
we're not going to be prepared for it of
course we're going to be sidelined we're
going to be sideswiped and so we've got
to be able to take this head on what
Jerome Powell had to say is very
important not even if you're in you
could be completely outside of the U.S
it's still important because all the
central Bankers are coordinating Fed
chair Powell calls inflation too high
and warns that we are prepared to raise
rates further the market was absolutely
nine for the this just a little bit of a
sense that this was the point of a cut
and yet it was not the case okay I look
at all of the information related to the
central bankers and this one and uh they
weren't too happy about it let me tell
you okay while acknowledging that
progress has been made the Central Bank
leader said that inflation is still
above where policy makers feel
comfortable and so they wanted to be
able to get back to this two percent
goal they kept talking about the two
percent goal again a strong economy and
decelerating inflation also give the FED
room to proceed carefully at upcoming
meetings and I think what they took from
that is simply that maybe they're not
going to increase interest rates at the
next meeting and that would be very uh
make the markets very happy let's say
we'll see
more interest rate hikes may be still on
Deck Federal Reserve warns same
information of course what are they
looking for they're looking for cuts
because if they're not going to increase
anymore they know cuts are just around
the corner the Federal Reserve must be
open to the possibility that the economy
will begin to re-accelerate rather than
slow with potential implications for the
U.S Central bank's inflation fight this
is according to the FED president bark
and and something that would be very
different than what you hear from a lot
of the analysts we're getting that right
from the Federal Reserve okay includes a
possibility that inflation stays high in
the economy softens if I got convinced
that inflation was remaining high in
demand was given no signal that
inflation was going to come down that
would make the case for further
tightening so they're just laying that
out there letting everybody know we
might have to do more tightening but
we're kind of at this point like if
we're not at the very end we're come and
close what does that mean though it is
very clear that they're not ready to cut
in dress rates so program that into your
decisions that rate cuts are not here
yet we need a catalyst why are why are
they cutting they need some sort of
catalyst maybe more Banks start to fail
maybe you've got problems outside the
country that start to spill over could
be something in China it could be
something in Europe but until that
moment they're not cutting so don't go
out there and start buying a real estate
or buying something with the expectation
no no I know what six months from now
rates are going to be cut I guarantee it
well you don't know you really do not
know because if they allow this moment
in time to occur where they're actually
and you know going through another round
of quantitative easing and this this is
going to be so devastating I mean it's
going to it's going to punish people
it'll make everything we've seen in our
lifetime seem like nothing because
inflation hasn't come down yet and you
reignite that it is it is going to be a
very big issue I'm hopeful that that
does not occur okay look at this
deficits yeah we can look at the
quantitative easing but also from the
government side they're pumping in so
much cash over these last few years
expanding the amount of currency out
there by unheard of levels yeah you're
going to have a problem with deficits
you know you try to do deficit spending
and guess what long term we've seen this
before for every dollar that goes into
the economy you get less out
so it's like a drug addict that yeah
they need more and more and more or an
alcoholic one beer might have been
enough back in the day but then it
became three and then it became 12 and
then suddenly they're having a 2-4 just
to feel a buzz okay so there is an issue
with that when you become desensitized
it's the same thing that the drug addict
of the alcoholic feels and you know with
what goes on with the fiscal and the
monetary they need more they need more
of that drip all right and then we have
this S P 500 flashing a correction
signal not seen since the early 2000s
we've got many of these that are coming
up but the bond market is the one to
watch I think it is extremely important
and so we got to look at more into this
and I believe it's important to analyze
this in depth so this is what Powell was
talking about we are attentive to signs
that the economy may not be cooling as
expected with consumer spending
especially robust and the housing sector
possibly rebounding and look at it
you've got the job scenario you've got
the houses you've got everything that is
actually heating up in some cases at
least based on their metrics we know
that there's a whole different story but
when you look at it unemployment is
super low job scenario oh yeah jobs are
so abundant and so they've got an issue
because info Nation can't get down to
their two percent Target while this is
going on and so they're kind of like uh
we gotta maybe increase a little bit or
we gotta you know can't cut at this
point here and we gotta still wean off
the balance sheet but as the balance
sheet comes down I need you to
understand this as this balance sheet
comes down that starts to throw
everything off if you remember what
occurred in 2018
the balances started to fall and they
said we didn't have enough reserves we
didn't have enough reserves to run this
system and they started apologizing can
you believe it and then they were
pumping in cash
um you know didn't take very long did it
they started apology I'm sorry I'm sorry
uh you know we apologize and they
started to you know realize that oh
three point I think it got it down to
about 3.6 trillion dollars in their
balance sheet and they needed to reverse
course very fast and so they did and
that is the way it works so we know that
um unfortunately for a lot of people
they don't realize that a lot of
inflation is coming their way you've got
to plan accordingly plan according plan
more for inflation and deflation let me
tell you
the FED should carefully aim for a
higher inflation Target this is what
they're going to do I believe over the
long term hey we're not going to get it
down to two percent let's just let's
just say three percent come on okay
three percent or maybe a range two to
three percent and you know three percent
being okay suddenly I don't know why any
inflation is good but here we are this
is the wacky world we live in
and now something for everybody to
realize U.S steel is the first one
billion dollar company
and it's nearing an end it's a lesson
for Tesla and apple and so the biggest
companies that you have today
these are the biggest they you use them
every day of your life maybe and yet at
some point that company will likely go
bankrupt Jeff Bezos himself said Amazon
one day will go bankrupt it's a matter
of time and thinking about this right
now Apple Amazon
Tesla all these companies how can you
even fathom that that would occur and
yet on a long enough timeline the
likelihood of a company being bought up
split up you know failing whatever the
case is is actually highly likely it's
it's unbelievable so just keep that in
mind when you're doing your analysis
you've got to be much more let's just
say uh you know less emotion this isn't
don't use emotions when you're investing
it's all about the money it's all about
what you want to achieve per preserving
wealth or gaining more whatever it is
when you put those dollars in make sure
you realize what your goal really is
okay Norway's wealth fund by the way the
biggest investor in the world like if
you want to say who's the biggest
investor in the world Norway's wealth
fund makes 143 billion dollar profit as
AI surge lifts Tech now absolutely
that's the headline right and that is
true they're investing in tech stocks we
know that they are just like the Swiss
National Bank that's the Central Bank of
Switzerland
they operate like a hedge fund so
Norway's well fund uh by the way they
cut they cut their exposure to Tech they
said hey we made enough money at this
point because I think they lost a whole
bunch
that didn't look so good that year they
then realized that the stocks went up
and now they're taking profits now
they're saying okay kind of evened out
they cut their exposure that's the
important point but as I'm going to make
the headlines all right
look at this I mean there's so much here
but we can see the Magnificent Seven
market cap as a percentage of the S P
500 just showing us that we're kind of
topped out at that point right here
again this is um you know your typical
tech stocks looking at this we used to
have the Fang now they got this The
Magnificent Seven anyway the point is
you've got these big stocks big names
concentrated into the market and really
pull the whole thing whether that is up
or down but that seems to be the way it
goes these days right it's just
crazy but that's where we're at where
there's so much concentration
now what I want from you is to join a
group of like-minded people talking
about stocks every day talking about
real estate every day and the economy
everything
is right here in the Discord group you
can go down below and join it's totally
free okay you're going to be able to
communicate to with me directly very
important hit that link in the
description okay I want to see everybody
on there
um this is a the comment of the day
thank you very much Cam Berger
um I like the way Congress rejects the
cbdc but the FED just goes ahead
regardless guess we know who's in charge
and it Inked the people and that is
absolutely true isn't it nobody asked
for a central bank digital currency
nobody's nobody wants it and that's why
uh you know they're just gonna do it
implement it and hey it's there I
believe it'll be in a crisis moment
where the Ubi Universal basic income
will be required they could say this is
the lowest cost way for us to implement
it and they say yes absolutely they talk
tough Congress talks tough but
ultimately we know
you know the way this works all right I
want to thank you for being here today I
want you to um really take what we've
shared here and really uh try to make
sense of it all I know can be
complicated sometimes if you have any
questions just reach out to me through
the Discord and I will get those
answered right as soon as I possibly can
I'm in there every single day all right
I'll see you on the next one take care